Documentation updates (#144)
nf-core/phaseimpute: README.md

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | <img src="docs/images/metro/MetroMap.svg" alt="metromap" width="800"/> | - **Check chromosome**: Validates the presence of contigs from the map file in the VCF, ensuring data compatibility for further processing <br> - **Panel preparation**: Perfoms the phasing, QC, variant filtering, variant annotation of the reference panel <br> - **Imputation**: Imputes missing genotypes in the target dataset using the reference panel <br> - **Simulate**: Generates simulated datasets from high-quality target data for testing and validation purposes. <br> - **Concordance**: Evaluates the accuracy of imputation by comparing the imputed data against a truth dataset. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <img src="docs/images/metro/MetroMap.svg" alt="metromap" width="800"/> | - **Check chromosomes names**: Validates the presence of the different contigs in all variants and alignment files, ensuring data compatibility for further processing <br> - **Panel preparation**: Perfoms the phasing, QC, variant filtering, variant annotation of the reference panel <br> - **Imputation**: Imputes genotypes in the target dataset using the reference panel <br> - **Simulate**: Generates simulated datasets from high-quality target data for testing and validation purposes. <br> - **Concordance**: Evaluates the accuracy of imputation by comparing the imputed data against a truth dataset. |
```
